Hello everyone and welcome to the our matrix exercises lecture.
Now to truly learn all about matrices how to perform matrix operations in our let's go ahead and test
your knowledge through a training exercise.
In this video I'm just going to go ahead and do a brief overview of the matrix training exercise.
Let's go ahead and jump to the notebook.
All right.
Here we are at the notebook.
This is the R matrix exercises notebook and all you have to do for this training exercise is just complete
the bulled instructions labeled exercises 1 all the way down to exercise Eight Below.
There's examples of what the results should look like and then just go ahead and type out your code
and our studio to try to match the results here in case you ever need the solutions.
You can check out the solutions book or the next video lecture or actually walk through and explain
the solutions for the exercises.
Thanks everyone.
Best of luck and I'll see you at the next lecture